[#11399] clarify sync behaviour (#11696)
hzi-braunschweig/SORMAS-Project: docs/SORMAS2SORMAS.md

| `sormas2sormas.truststorePass`                   | Password of the truststore.                                                                                                                            |
| `sormas2sormas.oidc.realm`                       | Name of our S2S authorization realm provided by the OIDC server.                                                                                       |
| `sormas2sormas.oidc.clientId`                    | The client ID used in authentication of the instance towards the OIDC server.                                                                          |
| `sormas2sormas.oidc.clientSecret`                | The client secret used in authorization of the instance towards the OIDC server.                                                                       |
| `sormas2sormas.etcd.keyPrefix`                   | The etcd key space prefix which is used to store s2s related information.                                                                              |

> | `sormas2sormas.ignoreProperty.additionalDetails` | Business logic switch to control if the value is ignored when shared/overwritten trough S2S.                                                           |
> | `sormas2sormas.ignoreProperty.externalId`        | Business logic switch to control if the value is ignored when shared/overwritten trough S2S.                                                           |
> | `sormas2sormas.ignoreProperty.externalToken`     | Business logic switch to control if the value is ignored when shared/overwritten trough S2S.                                                           |
> | `sormas2sormas.ignoreProperty.internalToken`     | Business logic switch to control if the value is ignored when shared/overwritten trough S2S.                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sormas2sormas.ignoreProperty.additionalDetails` | Controls whether the value in `additionalDetails` field should be sent or not to the other instances. Possible values: true/false(default).|
| `sormas2sormas.ignoreProperty.externalId`        | Controls whether the value in `externalId` field should be sent or not to the other instances. Possible values: true/false(default).|
| `sormas2sormas.ignoreProperty.externalToken`     | Controls whether the value in `externalToken` field should be sent or not to the other instances.  Possible values: true/false(default).|
| `sormas2sormas.ignoreProperty.internalToken`     | Controls whether the value in `internalToken` field should be sent or not to the other instances.  Possible values: true/false(default).|
```
